refactor: Remove static CDC ACM logging nodes. (#2336)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/usb-logging.mdx

:::

## USB Logging Snippet

Using the `zmk-usb-logging` snippet is used to enable logging.

If using GitHub Actions to build your firmware, enabling logging
requires adding a `snippet: zmk-usb-logging` for any build you want logging enabled, e.g.

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```yaml
````

---
include:
  - board: nice_nano_v2
    shield: corne_left
    snippet: zmk-usb-logging
```

When building locally, the `-S`/`--snippet` flag can be passed to `west build` to enable the snippet, e.g.

> ```
> $ west build -b nice_nano_v2 -S zmk-usb-logging -- -DSHIELD="corne_left"
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
west build -b nice_nano_v2 -S zmk-usb-logging -- -DSHIELD="corne_left"
```
````

Standard boards such as the nice!nano and Seeeduino XIAO family have the necessary configuration for logging already added, however if you are developing your own standalone board you may wish to add the ability to use USB logging in the future.

> To do so, you need to follow the upstream Zephyr [`cdc-acm-console` snippet requirements](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.6.0/snippets/cdc-acm-console/README.html#requirements) steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, you need to follow the upstream Zephyr [`cdc-acm-console` snippet requirements](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.5.0/snippets/cdc-acm-console/README.html#requirements) steps.
```

Usually, this just requires ensuring that the USB node has been tagged with the `zephyr_udc0` label, e.g.

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```dts
````

zephyr_udc0: &usbd {
    status = "okay";
};
```

> ## Enabling Logging On Older Boards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling Logging on Older Boards
```

> Previously, enabling logging required editing Kconfig files to enable logging. If for whatever reason a build fails when using
> a custom board definiton that does not support the new `zmk-usb-logging` snippet, you can use the following steps:
> 
> The `CONFIG_ZMK_USB_LOGGING` Kconfig enables USB logging. This can be set at the keyboard level, typically in the `config/<your_keyboard>.conf`
> file if you are using a [user config repository](user-setup.mdx). It can also be enabled at the ZMK level using the `app/prj.conf` file, or other
> search locations described in the [configuration overview](config/index.md#config-file-locations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, enabling logging required setting the `CONFIG_ZMK_USB_LOGGING` Kconfig symbol. If for whatever reason
a custom board definition does not support the new `zmk-usb-logging` snippet, you can try setting this symbol at the keyboard level, typically in the `config/<your_keyboard>.conf`
file if you are using a [user config repository](user-setup.mdx). It can also be enabled at the ZMK level using the `app/prj.conf` file, or other
search locations described in the [configuration overview](config/index.md#config-file-locations).
```
The "build fails for whatever reason" part seemed conflicting with the "not supporting the snippet," so I removed it. Let me know if there was nuance I was missing there.
